- Overall direction of the design should be the following inspirations:
  - 'Eve Online' where playing the sim is kind of like viewing 'spreadsheets' or an ORM like Django
  - Majesty where Missions are entities in themselves that Agents can either decide to take or not depending on risk, rewards. Missions are created by orgs to achieve their goals
  - Dwarf Fortress where the sim is king, the player (once we add a player) will operate in the midst of an ongoing simulation. Even if player dies or fails, the world carries on creating its own history. Players are offered opportunity to influence that history when they are active
- Next 'stop' on the roadmap should be towards creating a more wholistic economy / life sim for the agents (we are not inserting player agency yet)
- I think '8 phases per Day' would allow for slightly more activity per day, we should convert from 4 phases per day to 8 phases per day. This means taking anything that currently takes 4 phases to instead take 8 (ie. simply multiply by 2) and updating across the whole sim these values. Better to make a PLAN for this now as it will only be more difficult to change it later
- We need a PLAN to 'close the loop' on valuable data creation. Corporations should be able to sell or otherwise convert valuable data into economic value. I don't want to lose control and have 100 vericals (something approx 20 verticals would be a nice target for the whole game) but maybe we have a final vertical where 'valuable data' can be converted into 'high-tech prototypes' for manufacturing. This is 'end-game' vertical that is very slow, very expensive to develop even a single prototype which can then be stored somewhere and be extremely valuable (end-game target for heists etc.)
- Now that we have data storage, we should also start worrying about tangible goods storage. currently tangible goods are either stored at a factory or at retail points, but we should introduce 'warehouse' as a location that corporations use to store their surplus inventory. Then they can sell wholesale from warehouses, unload surplus from factories. as part of this we should reduce capacity of factories so that they need to move inventory regularly to warehouse. This creates demand for warehouses, and also we should introduce 'logistics' organizations so that to move a lot of inventory we need 'truckers' to move inventory from one place to another
  - actually we might need an extra plan for 'orders' as part of introducing 'logistics': ie. B2B commerce should be done via 'orders'. So when a shop needs to restock they put in an 'order' to the wholesaler. Wholesaler can then have a backlog of orders that they work through: trucking orgs will then fulfill these orders by delivering to goods to the retail shop from warehouses. Or even if there's a big enough backlog orders can also drive manufacturing: eg. manufacturing happens when there is a big enough backlog of orders
  - Then economy sim will have several entities interacting: agents, orgs, wallets, orders, inventories, etc.
  - By end of it we should see a steady flow of supply chains from manufacturing, to storage, to trucks, finally to retail shops (and then to agent inventories)
  - These trucks can also be good targets for heists in the future :)
  - Trucking also will provide extra jobs to increase employment in the economy

Please help me map these ideas to either our design bible (notes about overall game design) and into PLAN files for our roadmap in a logical order. As we execute the PLANs we should also be testing the sim for stability and documenting and updating the design bible with the new mechanics as they are added (not before). Makes sense?